README.md, before:

# Gogs for OpenShift
Gogs is the Go Git service. Learn more about it at https://gogs.io/

Running containers on OpenShift comes with certain security and other
requirements. This repository contains:

* A Dockerfile for building an OpenShift-compatible Gogs image
* Various scripts used in the Docker image
* OpenShift templates for deploying the image
* Usage instructions

## Deployment
There are two templates available: _persistent_ and _non-persistent_. The pesistent one requires two `PersistentVolume` available with default size required of 1Gi (the volume size can be specified with the template variables: `GOGS_VOLUME_CAPACITY` and `DB_VOLUME_CAPACITY`).

* gogs-data 
* gogs-postgres-data

Both templates will provision two linked pods: one for GOGS and other for Postgresql DB. If your have persistent volumes available in your cluster:

```
oc new-app -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tosin2013/gogs-openshift-docker/master/openshift/gogs-persistent-template.yaml --param=HOSTNAME=gogs-demo.yourdomain.com
```

Otherwise:
```
oc new-app -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tosin2013/gogs-openshift-docker/master/openshift/gogs-template.yaml --param=HOSTNAME=gogs-demo.yourdomain.com
```

Note that hostname is required during Gogs installation in order to configure repository urls correctly.

## Gogs Versions
You can deploy any of the available Gogs versions on [openshiftdemos/gogs](https://hub.docker.com/r/openshiftdemos/gogs/tags/) on Docker Hub using the ```GOGS_VERSION``` template parameter:
```
oc new-app -f http://bit.ly/openshift-gogs-template --param=HOSTNAME=gogs-demo.yourdomain.com --param=GOGS_VERSION=0.11.4
```

# Gogs Admin User
After Gogs deployment, the first registered user will be admin. The default administrator can log into Admin > Users and authorize another user. A user will also be an > administrator if they register in the install page. Read more on [Gogs FAQ](https://gogs.io/docs/intro/faqs#how-can-i-become-an-administrator%3F)

Commit message:

add github actions and moar readme stuffs

README.md, after:

# Gogs for OpenShift

![Source Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Source-GitHub-brightgreen?style=for-the-badge)
[![Container Image on Quay](https://img.shields.io/badge/Container%20Image-Quay.io-orange?style=for-the-badge)](https://quay.io/kenmoini/gogs-centos7)
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/kenmoini/gogs-openshift-docker/Build%20and%20Push?label=Container%20Build&style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/kenmoini/gogs-openshift-docker?style=for-the-badge)

Gogs is the Go Git service. Learn more about it at https://gogs.io/

Running containers on OpenShift comes with certain security and other
requirements. This repository contains:

* A Dockerfile for building an OpenShift-compatible Gogs image
* Various scripts used in the Docker image
* OpenShift templates for deploying the image
* Usage instructions

## Deployment

There are two templates available: _persistent_ and _non-persistent_. The pesistent one requires two `PersistentVolume` available with default size required of 1Gi (the volume size can be specified with the template variables: `GOGS_VOLUME_CAPACITY` and `DB_VOLUME_CAPACITY`).

* gogs-data 
* gogs-postgres-data

Both templates will provision two linked pods: one for GOGS and other for Postgresql DB. If your have persistent volumes available in your cluster:

```
oc new-app -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kenmoini/gogs-openshift-docker/master/openshift/gogs-persistent-template.yaml --param=HOSTNAME=gogs-demo.yourdomain.com
```

Otherwise:
```
oc new-app -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kenmoini/gogs-openshift-docker/master/openshift/gogs-template.yaml --param=HOSTNAME=gogs-demo.yourdomain.com
```

Note that hostname is required during Gogs installation in order to configure repository urls correctly.

## Gogs Versions

You can deploy any of the available Gogs versions on [openshiftdemos/gogs](https://hub.docker.com/r/openshiftdemos/gogs/tags/) on Docker Hub using the ```GOGS_VERSION``` template parameter:
```
oc new-app -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kenmoini/gogs-openshift-docker/master/openshift/gogs-template.yaml --param=HOSTNAME=gogs-demo.yourdomain.com --param=GOGS_VERSION=0.11.4
```

# Gogs Admin User

After Gogs deployment, the first registered user will be admin. The default administrator can log into Admin > Users and authorize another user. A user will also be an > administrator if they register in the install page. Read more on [Gogs FAQ](https://gogs.io/docs/intro/faqs#how-can-i-become-an-administrator%3F)

# GitHub Actions

This repo has a set of GitHub actions that will sync to upstream resources and create up-to-date container images.

## Define GitHub Actions Secrets

The following GHA Secrets need to be defined:

- GHUB_TOKEN - yourGitHubPersonalAccessToken
- REGISTRY_USER - yourUsername
- REGISTRY_PASS - someStringHere
- REGISTRY_REPO - quay.io/example/gogs

With that in place, the following two Actions will run:

- `sync-upstream-app-release.yml` will run every day at midnight, check for a new release of Gogs, if available pushing a new tagged version to this repository
- `build-and-push.yml` will run on tags that start with a `v` and then build the container and push to a registry
